Now we need boolean variables for giving the won and the lost value.
So here we take bullion emitters from equal and by default.
That is true.
What we will do, we will go for that logic and in g panel to here we will set that on variable and
import.
Okay.
So here we will check one condition
after this.
If you choose order
to the counter, that one is equals to.
Cracks in the crack image has completed.
It means we have lost.
So here we will set one equal to false.
You're done.
And what we do on Stockholm.
Phones.
Now we have to change the food stamp.
So here we will check another condition.
If counter is equal to label, start length minus one and
one is equal to true.
So we will display image.
The food stops and here it goes with the chili.
Clear.
Finish this one here.
Done.
No, we have to do this same thing and this with this component.
So we will right here
display.
No.
Okay.
So what we will do here?
We take our condition and write in religious order with Gondor and one.
Dot equals.
Two.
It comes through cracks here.
Same with the previous one.
The one equal to false.
Now we have to.
Okay.
So here this part is being done with noon.
Yeah.
So we have to change the.
Okay.
So here the same condition though.
If the counter is equal to labeled store length minus one and one more condition and is equal to true
then.
Center display image.
We know food stamps come here to finish.
Let's finish.
So it's done.
Now we will run our class.
And check it off.
It is running properly.
The too.
Okay, so what should we do?
You.
We have.
So.
Okay, in next six.
We will do one more thing.
What we will do.
I think the images are so important.
There is a call to change the images.
Order.
Here.
Here also not the labels.
Should we go with the images or see this and run the file again?
No.
Check that.
Okay.
So the error is gone and simply what we will do.
We have done the contactless part and this phone is so okay.
So we have said here, we have to change this 1 to 0.
Yeah.
To zero.
Simply run our class again.
We are getting.
This conditioning check I'm giving him launched.
This one.
Okay.
So what we will do?
This thing is doing good.
Okay, so this thing is very tight.
Now we have to go here.
What can we do?
We?
We have to disable all levels first.
So here we will do.
We will take up for each for each loop here.
And what?
We will take a chili bowl.
Yeah.
One.
De re you re right.
LP and s cologne.
Simply write labels held under this LP set to the zeroth portion.
I'm here, Dodd said.
We need.
And here.
Okay.
So set it to the false.
So it's tone.
Well, tomorrow it has been.
Cannot wait.
We need authority.
We need those people.
Simply switching to this.
Don't know what I'll be asked for.
One should not sit and nibble.
The Sun Center to the phones, of course.
And it's done.
No, we will run our program and.
No.
Okay.
So something is wrong.
What can we do to just say, you should know we have to create a function.
Keen.
Cleared of function.
Unemployed labels.
The labels.
What do you mean?
Right.
Public void.
Unemployed neighbors.
And under this, we will write.
Okay.
So we need a parameter of next integer.
And here we will write, we will check first to condition index is less than or equal to the stored
length.
Here.
So what we will do?
We will set the chili bowl.
Julie, Ari and Libby sequels to labels.
And labels.
We need the index here.
So next turn now, Alice, to those you wrote.
New to Libya less one lot.
But then it will.
And true.
So.
Here, Don?
No.
What should we do?
Go to the election matter.
And here we will write a new
labels on.
Here we will give barometer to counter.
Doesn't seem that.
Okay.
So here after counter increment, what should we do?
We have done this part of it so we can call that thing again.
We need an input labels parameter with the counter and here also.
We have to write a new blueprint on the parameter of control.
And now we will run our class.
This part has been handled.
And after this.
Again.
If it makes.
No, you.
Here.
Another has been indexed six or both.
Okay.
So we have to check this out or to connect with anyone.
We were two minus one.
Simply run again.
I'm fine.
So here.
No.
I don't know what you do.
I have created a button to play again.
And here I also have given Charlie one message which will give us you are launched or you have it.
So simply take a button here and put it here and go to the properties and simply change the text here.
Play again and.
These simply.
Okay.
Here.
Change the color.
Do.
Da da.
Lose.
Boone.
No set action to this button.
What we have to do.
We have to reset everything with this button.
Right.
So when the user click the play button, all thing will be reset and start with the zero.
So what we will do, we can do one thing.
We need more display message.
Okay, so we're done properly.
Table.
Okay.
So what can we do?
We can hear, right?
Random images matter.
And after this, we have to remove.
Images from Chile police.
Okay.
So here we will take off for loop.
What we will do, we will take a for each loop and take the j label.
You'd put titanium alloy wheels, cologne labels under the body.
Right, Olivia.
Let's set it to zero.
Third set, I turn to the null
and see similar reverse set.
The obvious one not set icon.
You make it to the unknown again.
No.
Simply, we don't know the program and check the thing.
So here we will play our game.
Let's fix this and simply play again.
Okay, so working.
We have to do one more thing.
We would write a label player, finish the dark side by going here, search icon and null and make the
counter equal to zero.
We have to start with the finish and run it through, of course.
So on set here and now, we have done the top part here.
Simply run our program and check something.
Right.
Okay.
Yeah.
Everything is good.
Now, I told you that I have use here a cheer label to show us that you have won or you have lost.
Message to the user.
So I have taken a little part and it to the label message which will show it to the user when he lost
or she lost or won or not.
So what we will do, we have to go to our program here and.
To induce.
Go in the component one here on off to finish we have to write g label.
Message.
Dodd said text.
No subtext thanks to.
You're sent to.
You have.
One here, one
in this event.
Right.
Okay.
So please finish.
Julian Assange.
We need to swing this through.
And what we need.
Just trust year we have.
Okay.
You have an ulcer.
We need to take a look here.
And what we will do?
We will write this condition again.
To counter.
Go do if is equal to images are there not length minus one and one is equal to false here?
So what it will do, it will print a g label message.
Lord said text.
We need a subtext here.
This one and what we will show you have not.